And everyone, welcome back.
And this is the problem of default.
The problem of default.
The problem I was talking about and.
So yeah.
So the difference you can see here, it's very simple that it's now a three crossing board, not just
to cross on board.
So here we have a three crossing board and the targets are to cross one only.
I can apply it horizontally or vertically.
And I have to tell you, tell the number of ways in which I can feel this, this problem with them through
tile from spot and.
Yeah.
You can go on spot and try this problem.
You can understand it.
It just says in how many ways can you dielectric cross in rectangle with two crosswind dominoes the
same rate through the same building.
So this a simple telling and so input consist of okay whatever.
In with minus one, the input will end.
But each desk is a longer training indeed.
From 0 to 30, Google for each.
Okay.
These are not the solution by using bitmaps.
But of course when we're not using it and we will see how can we all using sequences.
Right and see the approach.
I've already discussed the approach with you in the previous video.
Right.
It's always about filling the first column and finding our director in solution.
We'll see how to do that.
And we will call this and some readers will say, let's go back.
Good.
I hope everything is fine.
Look, it started with a women you always start with if indeed happen is what a number of ways in which
she grows and can be what can be told?
Made the decision that we want to find out the let me get venue.
What is the first movie in which I can fill this column?
A folder in which I can fill this column is by having one tile.
Like this.
Up vertically.
And the second time like this, you guys.
You don't have to fill the second column completely.
What do we want to do?
We always want to fill the first column completely.
If by filling the first column completely, the second column itself gets filled.
For example, let's say I placed three tiles like horizontally.
In this first column is also filled, but the second column itself gets four.
And we don't have to worry about it.
We just have to think.
We just have to fill the first column.
The one variable in the second column, it gets it gets four.
It doesn't matter.
But this is one way right now what we can see.
What's the shape that I'm getting over here?
The shape that I'm getting over here is a.
Across board with two extra days.
So I'm not feeling this to days.
As I said, I'm not worried about the second column.
So let's call Diane.
Diane is nothing but.
The cross and board.
With.
But it is, of course, a number of ways of healing, regrowth and bold with.
Two extra.
Buddy.
Two extra squares on top.
Let me write this as it's on top of what you have in here.
So this is the first case of filling the first column, and F in here will be.
Gene.
Late or the second approach of filling the first column.
It is just the reverse approach of this, which is fill one to cross.
For Intel vertically and one horizontally.
Eight.
So in this way, it is nothing.
But it gives me the third.
Which is edging at the end, is nothing but a number of ways in which three urethane board is filled
with two extra wires on bottom.
Right?
Basically now we can see the extra squares on the bottom.
This is a three growth input and two extra squares on the bottom.
I hope.
Uh.
Yeah.
So this one thing I think I missed, and that is it is not an eight.
Let me go back to it again.
So the first case was this.
And we had.
This was the first case I remember in this.
If this is effin.
If this is a fan.
Then this will be.
Jian minus two.
Not Jian 834.
This is Jian minus two.
Actually, I'm very excited for this problem.
Yeah, this is n minus two.
Rate this this landed and minus two.
Similarly, this is Jian minus two with two extra quiescent.
Well.
And similarly, the other case in which I am placing one here and one here.
There it is again, minus two.
Of course, we know people inside DNA as it goes to a chamber will replace it later.
Right now we are just making guesses or the turkeys, geese, turkeys can be if they.
Blizzard like this.
I mean, one day let me this is one title.
This is second title.
And this is starting in this way and filling the first column.
The second is getting really doesn't matter.
I'm just worried about first column and delegate plus.
This is even minus two at eight F and minus two.
I hope all the rigorous cases are very clear to each and every one of us.
Right.
So this was the third case.
And this is their friend minus.
Now, guys, let's find out.
Jian.
So that's what we did in the previous example as well.
We were not worried.
Now we are worried about Jian.
It's.
Copy this.
Let me paste it.
Right.
Let's try and find out.
Jean, look.
How.
How does this look like?
It's not gion.
It's gion and of.
Yeah.
So what was Indian was country growth and what were two extra squares on top?
Right.
Basically it is this.
Yeah.
This is a rigorous and good decision for me with two extra squares over here on top made this two extra
squares on top.
Let's see.
How can we figure out, you know.
Like Meridian the energy goes to.
Okay, let's find this.
The first way will be to.
Please.
Of course I have to.
I want to fill this first column.
It's what I'm always doing.
This fill the first first column on first base.
Simply press one will vertically displace one tile vertically, and the first column will be four eight,
which is a two crosswind date.
So if this is the end, then what is this?
And which is effin nature.
This is different.
This feeling just totally gross and bored.
If this is fine, let me simply write it.
G n is nothing but f and plus what are different ways, other way of filling it?
The other way can be by placing two tiles horizontally.
I just have to fill the first column.
This is one way and this is picking.
Let me.
With a different color.
So I placed two -- only in this vehicle to the first column get completely full.
As I said, this one is not a part of the problem right now because I'm trying to find Jian, which
is.
Which is two extra squares on the top.
This is not in.
Okay.
Give me something black.
Let me try.
Black.
Yeah, it's.
Yeah.
Well, this is what I'm worried about right now, which is something you.
GROSS In which to access.
QUESTION Like we did in the previous video.
Well.
So if I fill it this way now, what I can say is I have a new ship, Verizon new ship.
It is some B cross and board.
I'd be cross and bold.
Basically it's not.
And I know it isn't minus one.
We're just seeing your growth and.
But with one.
Squire down to now.
You can see I had a friend which is regrowth in giant regrowth and we're two weeks quite on top and
didn't lose quite on bottom.
But do I have one square on top or one square in bottom?
NARRATOR Let's make another, which is iron, which isn't a thing, but a number of ways of making t
cross in.
With one extra square on top.
They are basically, let's say, on the bottom here, we can see bottom right.
We can visualize bottom right now in the example.
Look, this is bottom.
This is one on the bottom, right?
And if this is end, then what does this become?
It becomes I and minus one.
I hope this is very clear.
This part is in minus one.
Which part?
This part.
This with this one extra squared here.
H So this is n minus one length, it becomes eight and minus one with one extra column with one axis
squared.
All right, now let's find out.
I mean, it's fun, but don't worry.
It's a very interesting problem.
And of course.
It's not tough.
It's just a little, little extra.
I have some extra stewards over here.
This is Gene with one.
Now let's find out.
I n so how do I find out?
Well, let me copy.
It's.
This year this.
Let me copy this and let me quickly.
We could black.
Back this.
And which is why.
Next Monday, Mark.
Ladies, this is the island and this land is in.
Ready.
This land is in.
That's why it says I am.
So how you how can I find I in this?
I just have to fill the first column.
I said I will always say one thing, just really first column.
If I fill the first column, there's only one way in filling the first column, which is is to have
a tile horizontally.
Now, what does this become?
This becomes nothing margin, which is extra squares and actually cross end would be two and is it goes
to G off and minus one.
Eight.
Let me been.
I intend to go through nothing but.
Jane Wednesday.
And because I have this figure which is G and what will be Iove and minus one.
Are you afraid minus one will be equal to Jovan minus two.
So I can simply replace here I'll find minus one.
This will give me effin plus the n minus.
So I have completely eliminated I from here.
So this is my second.
And.
This is my first and also raising funds.
What I can do is we know that your friend is equals to have your friend paid because it's it's kind
of the mirror of the same thing.
So I can simply replace it here by G.
Yeah, let me write it.
This is it goes from nothing but F and minus two plus two into D and minus two because F in GRC.
And what is g gs nothing but effin less i.e. minus i n minus one which is f and plus and minus two because
it added I in terms of g only because there's only one case right now, let's call it.
And then we'll summit it on spot.
Well.
Oh, yeah, me.
Okay.
So I think I have all yeah.
I have already quoted it.
I think I'll just show you the code then.
So let's see the input.
It will save my time and yours because there's nothing much to code in this.
So it is simple to wait.
Well, the answer is to eventually do two and three.
One and minus one is the end of input.
So I'm doing a C in N if I am getting N minus one and simply break the loop.
Otherwise what I'm doing is.
Initial it.
And he says the finger is still in place.
One pool and the second one is F of 0000 goes to one.
You can try this via D one because.
Okay, let's talk about the G0 case.
What does G0 mean that zero grass and board with two extra squares on top.
So if I have two extra squares on top, it can be filled by using one vertical domino.
So that's why they are one the base case.
This is the second base case which is zero F4 one is Giovanni goes to zero.
Right, because let's see.
If I ever went grocery would going to fill it and I fill this one grocery bill by trying to cross one
day.
I cannot wait because there will be a tile which will be half used.
I cannot fill it.
So f of one is zero.
Morris G of one.
The other one is nothing.
But if I add extra D over there now again I can see that there are five places to be filled, five squares
to be filled in.
But I cannot will all five squares because you cross Venice.
Anita Grossman I will only use two squares to fill.
So again, the same problem.
There will be one square that will be left over.
Like in Northfield.
Everyone was different.
So that's why the number of it is zero.
It does a base case and this is our recursive approach that we have already formed.
Eight So what was the approach the D.A. request to F in plus the n minus to the g n is equal to.
Evan Lesbian minus.
Very simple.
So just remember this.
If I'm calculating j and using if I that this guarantee that if I is already computed before 88 means
I cannot do it like this because here I'm using f i various f I is not computing it.
So because.
Automakers, basically.
And the second one was that if anything was to happen, minus two equals two.
If in minus two plus two in Goodyear and minus two plus two in Daejeon.
That is filling a void.
This is getting bigger.
And finally, I'm bringing a friend because the final answer for this effort, I build this.
Now per negative.
Three.
One, two, two, one, three, one.
It just seem right.
And also I can come the solution.
And I've already seen that it's working.
So I already did it.
Like to work.
And I just quickly checked it.
I hope this problem gives you some little insight on how can you solve some problems based on sequences
and feeling.
And so it's not an optimization problem.
It asks you to find a number of ways in really a problem of equations, or we can say problem of a formula
to this rate.
Oh, yeah.
But there's another problem, which is a follow up of this problem.
And so we had tiling problem, then we're totally problem two and then three, then this and then we
have a tiling problem and which is if follow problem of this problem, which is in this problem, it
has only three growth and rate.
But the another problem, it is also an proj.
It has.
We're crossing it.
And so it's becoming complicated for growth.
And how can you solve this?
So I leave this task to you and I try and solve the photographs and problems so you can research this
on Google and you'll learn on this parents page.
I'm.
Always remember, right?
We could be straight when you and your tester try to fill the first column, then see what is the theory
you are getting and.
In the records of relations.
Then in the end, they place the variables, try to minimize number of expenses you need.
And then finally loop, loop it.
Of course, this is a very long problem.
I don't know.
It might even be.
It relies on maybe more aid because it has so much of different things going in it.
So I am not going deep into this problem, but I'll leave it to you as a follow problem to solve it.
Thanks.